This Doudou has a stomachache
Why are you not in a hurry at all?
Because of Mommy Doudou
You fell for Doudou
Mommy, you and Daddy sleep tonight, Doudou
You already knew Doudou was lying to me, right?
The surname Gu, you are kidding me again
What are you doing?
Put me down!
You put me down
His body odor
Exactly the same woman as that night five years ago
But it is clearly written on the ground between parents and children
He is not related to Doudou
No blood relationship
Jiang Cancan is not Doudou's mother
There is no possibility that Jiang Xue is doing my hands and feet behind my back
Please check it out.
Guo Zhenting, we have broken up
Please respect yourself.
Get back with me
Impossible, then I'll keep pressing you like this
Can you have some face?
I'm not polite to you like this.
I don't believe you will be rude to me.
You asked for it
Oops, I'm late, please.